Update and split troubleshooting page (#512)
foundriesio/docs: source/user-guide/lmp-customization/lmp-customization.rst

The two options available are ``lmp``  (default) and ``lmp-base``.

See the :ref:`ref-linux-distro` page for an overview of the two options.

Distro: lmp
^^^^^^^^^^^

Extend the kernel command line by setting ``OSTREE_KERNEL_ARGS`` in ``meta-subscriber-overrides/conf/machine/include/lmp-factory-custom.inc``::

    OSTREE_KERNEL_ARGS:<machine> = "console=${console} <new-args> ${OSTREE_KERNEL_ARGS_COMMON}"

Make sure you set the correct ``<machine>`` and other variables as needed.

.. note::
    The default is ``OSTREE_KERNEL_ARGS_COMMON ?= "root=LABEL=otaroot rootfstype=ext4"``.
    This variable is responsible for setting a valid ``root`` label for the device.
    It is not necessary on devices specifying the partition path directly with ``root=``.

Distro: lmp-base
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Extend the kernel command line by appending your commands to ``bootcmd_args`` in ``meta-subscriber-overrides/recipes-bsp/u-boot/u-boot-base-scr/<machine>/uEnv.txt.in``.
For example::

    bootcmd_args=setenv bootargs console=tty1 console=${console} root=/dev/mmcblk2p2 rootfstype=ext4 rootwait rw <new-args>

> Reference for ``.bbappend`` can be found in ``meta-subscriber-overrides/recipes-bsp/u-boot/u-boot-base-scr.bbappend``::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create ``meta-subscriber-overrides/recipes-bsp/u-boot/u-boot-base-scr.bbappend`` with the following content to include your source file::
```

    KERNEL_MODULE_AUTOLOAD:<machine> = "i2c-dev"

B. Add a new driver/module to the Linux kernel source code by editing ``meta-subscriber-overrides/recipes-kernel/kernel-modules/<module>_<pv>.bb`` and configuring the autoload in the recipe::

    SUMMARY = "Module summary"
    LICENSE = "GPLv2"
    LIC_FILES_CHKSUM = "file://COPYING;md5=12f884d2ae1ff87c09e5b7ccc2c4ca7e"

    inherit module

    SRC_URI = " \
      file://Makefile \
      file://<module>.c \
      file://<module>.h \
      file://COPYING \
    "

    S = "${WORKDIR}"

    KERNEL_MODULE_AUTOLOAD:append = "<module>"

Make sure to provide the source code and header for the new module, as well as the license and Makefile.
Also make sure to adjust the provided values as needed by the recipe (``LICENSE``, ``PV``).

Bind Mounting a File Into a Container
-------------------------------------

When bind mounting a file into a container, the parent directory needs to be bind mounted.
If a bind mount destination does not exist, Docker will create the endpoint as an empty directory rather than a file.

> The Docker documentation on `containers and bind mounting <https://docs.docker.com/storage/bind-mounts/>`_ is a good place to start if you wish to learn more about this.

Author: Moved to troubled shooting

       For normal users, check :ref:`ref-troubleshooting_lmp-user`.

   .. important::
       Platform build errors like below are fixed after extending the user group:
       ``normal groupname `<group>` does not have a static ID defined.``

3. Add these files to the build in ``meta-subscriber-overrides/conf/machine/include/lmp-factory-custom.inc``:

   .. code-block:: none

       USERADD_GID_TABLES += "files/custom-group-table"
       USERADD_UID_TABLES += "files/custom-passwd-table"

.. _ref-troubleshooting_lmp-user:

Adding LmP Users
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

#. To create a new LmP user or replace the default ``fio`` user, first add the new user to the system.
   The steps are similar to the ones described in :ref:`ref-troubleshooting_user-groups`.
   However normal users need a valid shell and ``user-id`` higher than ``1000`` for adding a new user, or equal to ``1000`` if replacing the ``fio`` user.
   For example:
   **group-table:**

   .. code-block:: none
  
        test-user:x:1001:

  **passwd-table:**
   
   .. code-block:: none
        
        test-user:x:1001:1001::/home/test-user:/bin/sh

> #. To create the password for this new user, run from a host computer ``mkpasswd -m sha512crypt``.

Author: fixed!
